Improved workflows example program and added in statestore functionality. (#1020)
dapr/dotnet-sdk: examples/Workflow/README.md

## Projects in sample

> This sample contains a single [WorkflowConsoleApp](./WorkflowConsoleApp) .NET project. It utilizes the workflow authroring SDK as well as the workflow management API for starting and querying workflows instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample contains a single [WorkflowConsoleApp](./WorkflowConsoleApp) .NET project. It utilizes the workflow SDK as well as the workflow management API for starting and querying workflows instances.
```

The main `Program.cs` file contains the main setup of the app, including  the registration of the workflow and workflow activities. The workflow definition is found in the `Workflows` directory and the workflow activity definitions are found in the `Activities` directory.

## Running the example

To run the workflow web app locally, two separate terminal windows are required.
In the first terminal window, from the `WorkflowConsoleApp` directory, run the following command to start the program itself:

```sh
dotnet run
```

Next, in a separate terminal window, start the dapr sidecar:

```sh
dapr run --app-id wfapp --dapr-grpc-port 4001 --dapr-http-port 3500
```

> Dapr will listen for HTTP requests at `http://localhost:3500`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr listens for HTTP requests at `http://localhost:3500`.
```

> This example illustrates a purchase order processing workflow. The console prompts will provide directions on how to both purchase and restock items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example illustrates a purchase order processing workflow. The console prompts provide directions on how to both purchase and restock items.
```

  -d '{ "input" : {"Name": "Paperclips", "TotalCost": 99.95, "Quantity": 1}}'
```

If successful, you should see a response like the following: 

```json
{"instance_id":"1234"}
```

Next, send an HTTP request to get the status of the workflow that was started:

```bash
curl -i -X GET http://localhost:3500/v1.0-alpha1/workflows/dapr/OrderProcessingWorkflow/1234
```

The workflow is designed to take several seconds to complete. If the workflow hasn't completed yet when you issue the previous command, you should see the following JSON response (formatted for readability):

```json
{
  "WFInfo": {
    "instance_id": "1234"
  },
  "start_time": "2023-02-02T23:34:53Z",
  "metadata": {
    "dapr.workflow.custom_status": "",
    "dapr.workflow.input": "{\"Name\":\"Paperclips\",\"Quantity\":1,\"TotalCost\":99.95}",
    "dapr.workflow.last_updated": "2023-02-02T23:35:07Z",
    "dapr.workflow.name": "OrderProcessingWorkflow",
    "dapr.workflow.output": "{\"Processed\":true}",
    "dapr.workflow.runtime_status": "RUNNING"
  }
}
```

Once the workflow has completed running, you should see the following output, indicating that it has reached the "COMPLETED" status:

```json
{

>   "WFInfo": {

Reviewer 2: issue: the other properties uses `_` and this one is using a capital letter, but since this payloads comes from runtime I guess there's no alternative than creating a issue to change this later (v1.11). 
>  this will be seen as a breaking change but since wf is in alpha we are fine.

Author: We can change "WFInfo" in v1.11 since it requires a change to the components-contrib code.

Reviewer 3: Tracking here: https://github.com/dapr/dapr/issues/5911

    "instance_id": "1234"
  },
  "start_time": "2023-02-02T23:34:53Z",
  "metadata": {

>     "dapr.workflow.custom_status": "",

Reviewer 2: should we fulfill the `custom_status` field with something meaningful ?

Reviewer 3: I think we can consider this for a future update.

    "dapr.workflow.input": "{\"Name\":\"Paperclips\",\"Quantity\":1,\"TotalCost\":99.95}",
    "dapr.workflow.last_updated": "2023-02-02T23:35:07Z",
    "dapr.workflow.name": "OrderProcessingWorkflow",
    "dapr.workflow.output": "{\"Processed\":true}",
    "dapr.workflow.runtime_status": "COMPLETED"
  }
}
```

> Also, when the workflow has completed, the stdout of the workflow app should look like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the workflow has completed, the stdout of the workflow app should look like the following:
```

```log
info: WorkflowConsoleApp.Activities.NotifyActivity[0]
      Received order 1234 for Paperclips at $99.95
info: WorkflowConsoleApp.Activities.ReserveInventoryActivity[0]
      Reserving inventory: 1234, Paperclips, 1
info: WorkflowConsoleApp.Activities.ProcessPaymentActivity[0]
      Processing payment: 1234, 99.95, USD
info: WorkflowConsoleApp.Activities.NotifyActivity[0]
      Order 1234 processed successfully!
```

> If you have Zipkin configured for Dapr locally on your machine, then you should also be able to view the workflow trace spans in the Zipkin web UI (typically at http://localhost:9411/zipkin/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have Zipkin configured for Dapr locally on your machine, then you can view the workflow trace spans in the Zipkin web UI (typically at http://localhost:9411/zipkin/).
```

```sh
dapr run --app-id wfwebapp --dapr-grpc-port 4001 --dapr-http-port 3500
```

Dapr will listen for HTTP requests at `http://localhost:3500`.

This workflow example utilizes a redis statestore to simulate the purchasing of items and restocking of inventory. The console prompts will provide directions on how to both purchase and restock items.

To start a workflow, you have two options:
Option A: Follow the directions from the console prompts.

Option B: Use the workflows API and send a request to Dapr directly. Examples are included below as well as in the "demo.http" file down the "WorkflowConsoleApp" directory.

Two identical `curl` commands are shown, one for Linux/macOS (bash) and the other for Windows (PowerShell). The body of the request is used as the input of the workflow. 

Make note of the "xxx" in the commands below. This represents the unique identifier for the workflow run and can be replaced with any identifier of your choosing.

```bash
curl -i -X POST http://localhost:3500/v1.0-alpha1/workflows/dapr/OrderProcessingWorkflow/xxx/start \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{ "input" : {"Name": "Paperclips", "TotalCost": 99.95, "Quantity": 1}}'

> ```

Reviewer 2: You could also, assign the `randomId` to a variable to be reusable later

> ```

Reviewer 3: I updated the example to use a hardcoded ID. That seemed like an overall simpler solution. :)

And yes, we need to support auto-generated IDs. I'm planning to open a bug for v1.11 to support this.

On Windows (PowerShell):

```powershell
curl -i -X POST http://localhost:3500/v1.0-alpha1/workflows/dapr/OrderProcessingWorkflow/xxx/start `
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" `

>   -d '{ "input" : {"Name": "Paperclips", "TotalCost": 99.95, "Quantity": 1}}'

Reviewer 3: I switched to using harcoded IDs. It's what I use for my manual testing anyways, and the IDs can be reused after the workflow completes.

```

> If successful, you should see a response like the following, which contains a `Location` header pointing to a status endpoint for the workflow that was created with the identifier that you provided. 

Reviewer 2: I guess it's not returning any `Location` header, what I'm missing?
<img width="590" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5839364/217020670-78f8d472-3b02-4c3e-90b1-42517729ac7f.png">

Reviewer 3: I’m planning to open a bug to track the missing Location header from the StartWorkflow API. Previously, we were returning it from the custom web API. For now, we should remove this from the directions.

Reviewer 3: I removed the `Location` header from the response example and removed mention of it from the text. I also went ahead and removed the `Traceparent` headers to avoid distracting the user from the primary objective of this example.

The application will listen for HTTP requests at `http://localhost:10080`.

> This workflow example utilizes a redis statestore. In order to retrieve items from this statestore, an HTTP command must first be sent down to restock the inventory:

Reviewer 3: I think you meant, "In order to populate items into the state store..."

On Linux/macOS (bash):

```bash
curl -i -X POST http://localhost:10080/reset
```

On Windows (PowerShell):

```powershell

> curl -i -X POST http://localhost:10080/reset `

Reviewer 3: This command actually isn't correct for PowerShell. The trailing ` means you're entering a multi-line command, which is not the case.

In any case, the command is exactly the same for both bash and powershell, so no need to distinguish them here.
